For help using this buffer, see Easy Customization in the Emacs manual.

                                          Search 

Operate on all settings in this buffer:
 Revert...   Apply   Apply and Save 


Parent groups: Languages

Js3 Mode group: An improved JavaScript mode.
       State : something in this group has been edited but not set.
   
Show Value Js3 Allow Keywords As Property Names 
   If non-nil, you can use JavaScript keywords as object property names. More

Show Value Js3 Allow Member Expr As Function Name 
   Non-nil to support experimental Rhino syntax for function names. More

Show Value Js3 Allow Rhino New Expr Initializer 
   Non-nil to support a Rhino's experimental syntactic construct. More

Show Value Js3 Auto Indent P 
   Automatic indentation with punctuation characters. If non-nil, the More

Show Value Js3 Auto Insert Catch Block 
   Non-nil to insert matching catch block on open-curly after `try'.

Show Value Js3 Boring Indentation 
   Non-nil to indent various sorts of continued expressions standardly. More

Show Value Js3 Comment Lineup Func 
   Lineup function for `cc-mode-style', for C comments in `js3-mode'.

Show Value Js3 Compact 
   Printing variable. More

Show Value Js3 Compact Case 
   Printing variable. More

Show Value Js3 Compact Expr 
   Printing variable. More

Show Value Js3 Compact For 
   Printing variable. More

Show Value Js3 Compact If 
   Printing variable. More

Show Value Js3 Compact Infix 
   Printing variable. More

Show Value Js3 Compact List 
   Printing variable. More

Show Value Js3 Compact While 
   Printing variable. More

Show Value Js3 Consistent Level Indent Inner Bracket 
   Non-nil to make indentation level inner bracket consistent, More

Show Value Js3 Continued Expr Mult 
   Number of tabs to indent continued expressions.

Show Value Js3 Curly Indent Offset 
   Number of additional spaces for indenting expressions in curly braces. More

Show Value Js3 Dont Rebind Backtick 
   Whether `js3-mode' should bind C-c C-` to js3-next-error More

Show Value Js3 Dynamic Idle Timer Adjust 
   Positive to adjust `js3-idle-timer-delay' based on file size. More

Show Value Js3 Electric Keys 
   Keys that auto-indent when `js3-auto-indent-p' is non-nil. More

Show Value Js3 Enter Indents Newline 
   Non-nil to have Enter/Return key indent the newly-inserted line. More

Show Js3 Error Face:[sample]
   Face for JavaScript errors.

Show Value Js3 Expr Indent Offset 
   Number of additional spaces for indenting continued expressions. More

Show Js3 External Variable Face:[sample]
   Face used to highlight undeclared variable identifiers. More

Show Js3 Function Param Face:[sample]
   Face used to highlight function parameters in javascript.

Show Value Js3 Global Externs 
   A list of any extern names you'd like to consider always declared. More

Show Value Js3 Highlight External Variables 
   Non-nil to highlight assignments to undeclared variables.

Show Value Js3 Highlight Level 
   Amount of syntax highlighting to perform. More

Show Value Js3 Idle Timer Delay 
   Delay in secs before re-parsing after user makes changes. More

Show Value Js3 Include Browser Externs 
   Non-nil to include browser externs in the master externs list. More

Show Value Js3 Include Gears Externs 
   Non-nil to include Google Gears externs in the master externs list. More

Show Value Js3 Include Rhino Externs 
   Non-nil to include Mozilla Rhino externs in the master externs list. More

Show Value Js3 Indent Dots 
   Whether `js3-mode' should line up dots at all More

Hide Js3 Indent Level: 4
    State : EDITED, shown value does not take effect until you set or save it.
   Number of spaces for each indentation step in `js3-mode'. Hide
   
   This variable automatically becomes buffer-local when set outside Custom.
   However, setting it through Custom sets the default value.

Show Value Js3 Indent On Enter Key 
   Non-nil to have Enter/Return key indent the line. More

Hide Js3 Indent Tabs Mode: Toggle  off (nil)
    State : SAVED and set.
   Default setting for indent-tabs-mode for js3-mode. More

Show Js3 Instance Member Face:[sample]
   Face used to highlight instance variables in javascript. More

Show Value Js3 Instanceof Has Side Effects 
   If non-nil, treats the instanceof operator as having side effects. More

Show Js3 Jsdoc Html Tag Delimiter Face:[sample]
   Face used to highlight brackets in jsdoc html tags.

Show Js3 Jsdoc Html Tag Name Face:[sample]
   Face used to highlight jsdoc html tag names

Show Js3 Jsdoc Tag Face:[sample]
   Face used to highlight @whatever tags in jsdoc comments.

Show Js3 Jsdoc Type Face:[sample]
   Face used to highlight {FooBar} types in jsdoc comments.

Show Js3 Jsdoc Value Face:[sample]
   Face used to highlight tag values in jsdoc comments.

Show Value Js3 Label Indent Offset 
   Number of additional spaces for indenting labels. More

Show Value Js3 Language Version 
   Configures what JavaScript language version to recognize. More

Show Value Js3 Lazy Commas 
   Whether `js3-mode' should line up commas to the indent-minus-2, More

Show Value Js3 Lazy Dots 
   Whether `js3-mode' should line up dots to the next indent level, More

Show Value Js3 Lazy Operators 
   Whether `js3-mode' should line up operators to the indent-minus-2, More

Show Value Js3 Lazy Semicolons 
   Whether `js3-mode' should line up semicolons to the indent-minus-2, More

Show Js3 Magic Paren Face:[sample]
   Face used to color parens that will be auto-overwritten.

Show Value Js3 Manual Indentation 
   Non-nil to override all other indentation behavior and indent manually. More

Show Value Js3 Max Columns 
   Printing variable. More

Show Value Js3 Mirror Mode 
   Non-nil to insert closing brackets, parens, etc. automatically.

Show Value Js3 Missing Semi One Line Override 
   Non-nil to permit missing semicolons in one-line functions. More

Show Value Js3 Mode Dev Mode P 
   Non-nil if running in development mode.  Normally nil.

Show Value Js3 Mode Escape Quotes 
   Non-nil to disable automatic quote-escaping inside strings.

Show Value Js3 Mode Show Parse Errors 
   True to highlight parse errors.

Show Value Js3 Mode Show Strict Warnings 
   Non-nil to emit Ecma strict-mode warnings. More

Show Value Js3 Mode Squeeze Spaces 
   Non-nil to normalize whitespace when filling in comments. More

Show Value Js3 Move Point On Right Click 
   Non-nil to move insertion point when you right-click. More

Show Value Js3 Paren Indent Offset 
   Number of additional spaces for indenting expressions in parentheses. More

Show Value Js3 Post Parse Callbacks 
   A list of callback functions invoked after parsing finishes. More

Show Value Js3 Pretty Lazy Vars 
   Non-nil to try to indent comma-first continued var statements correctly More

Show Value Js3 Pretty Vars 
   Non-nil to try to indent comma-last continued var statements in a pretty way. More

Show Value Js3 Pretty Vars Spaces 
   Number of spaces to indent when `js3-pretty-vars' is enabled. More

Show Js3 Private Function Call Face:[sample]
   Face used to highlight calls to private functions in javascript. More

Show Js3 Private Member Face:[sample]
   Face used to highlight calls to private methods in javascript. More

Show Value Js3 Rebind Eol Bol Keys 
   Non-nil to rebind beginning-of-line and end-of-line keys. More

Show Value Js3 Reparse On Indent 
   Whether `js3-mode' should perform a reparse before indenting. More

Show Value Js3 Skip Preprocessor Directives 
   Non-nil to treat lines beginning with # as comments. More

Show Value Js3 Square Indent Offset 
   Number of additional spaces for indenting expressions in square braces. More

Show Value Js3 Strict Cond Assign Warning 
   Non-nil to warn about expressions like if (a = b). More

Show Value Js3 Strict Inconsistent Return Warning 
   Non-nil to warn about mixing returns with value-returns. More

Show Value Js3 Strict Missing Semi Warning 
   Non-nil to warn about semicolon auto-insertion after statement. More

Show Value Js3 Strict Trailing Comma Warning 
   Non-nil to warn about trailing commas in array literals. More

Show Value Js3 Strict Var Hides Function Arg Warning 
   Non-nil to warn about a var decl hiding a function argument.

Show Value Js3 Strict Var Redeclaration Warning 
   Non-nil to warn about redeclaring variables in a script or function.

Show Js3 Warning Face:[sample]
   Face for JavaScript warnings.


